PTL-1767: check changes in code for Presentation examples (#2083)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: docs/001_develop/03_client-capabilities/009_presentation/skeleton.mdx

# Skeleton

The `skeleton` component shows a visual placeholder for an element while it is in a loading state. This is usually presented as a simplified wireframe-like version of the UI that it is representing.

Use cases:

> - Indicating loading state where a page could take time to load

Reviewer: Happy for you to maybe at this as a second point, but the primary purpose of this component is to create placeholder UI to make the loading process seem smoother to the user, rather than just showing loading in general (as you'd use with progress or progress-ring). Maybe this should be a `:::tip` section where we can flesh the point out
```suggestion
- Indicating loading state with a placeholder UI element which indicates what real component will load in its place
```

Author: I've added the extra bullet as suggested.
If we are going to provide more detail on how, then we need to talk
